PICK A CARD.
ANY CARD.
ALL RIGHT, NOW
MEMORIZE IT.
SHOW IT
TO EVERYBODY.
GOT IT?
ALL RIGHT, GIVE IT BACK TO ME.
FIVE OF HEARTS.
REAL MAGIC DOES EXIST.
WOW, JOEY,
HOW DO YOU DO IT?
I CAN'T TELL YOU THAT. NO.
( knocking )
UH, SOMEBODY'S AT THE DOOR
ON THE CEILING.
NO, THAT'S OUR
UNBELIEVABLY LOUD
UPSTAIRS NEIGHBOR.
HE TOOK UP
THE CARPETS
AND NOW YOU CAN
HEAR EVERYTHING.
WHY DON'T YOU GO UP THERE
AND ASK HIM
TO JUST STEP LIGHTLY, PLEASE?
I HAVE, LIKE,
FIVE TIMES
BUT THE GUY
IS SO CHARMING
THAT I GO UP
THERE TO YELL
AND THEN I END UP
APOLOGIZING TO HIM.
OH, THAT IS SILLY.
I'LL GO UP THERE.
I'LL TELL HIM
TO KEEP IT DOWN.
BE MY GUEST.
GOOD LUCK.
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW
HOW I DID IT
I'LL SHOW YOU.
WHEN YOU HANDED ME
BACK THE CARD
WHAT YOU DIDN'T SEE WAS
I LOOKED AT IT SO FAST
IT WAS INVISIBLE
TO THE NAKED EYE.
I JUST DID IT.
I JUST DID IT AGAIN.
HERE, I'LL SLOW IT DOWN
SO YOU GUY CAN SEE IT.
READY?
OH!
( knocking )
( door opening )
Man:
OH, HOW'S IT GOING?
Phoebe:
LOOK, I LIVE WITH
MY FRIENDS DOWNSTAIRS
AND WE HEAR
EVERYTHING YOU DO.
( Phoebe shouting )
( short, disarming reply )
OH, THANK YOU!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
HI.
ANYBODY GOT A LENGTH
OF ROPE
ABOUT SIX FEET LONG,
LITTLE NOOSE AT THE END?
HONEY, WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I JUST SAW JANICE.
( all groan )
YEAH, SHE WAS
AT ROCKEFELLER CENTER
SKATING WITH HER HUSBAND.
SHE LOOKED SO HAPPY.
ALMOST FEEL BAD
FOR WHIPPING
THAT KID'S PRETZEL AT THEM.
I REMEMBER THE TIME
I SAW KATHERINE
AFTER WE BROKE UP.
SHE WAS JUST WALKING
WITH HER FRIEND DONNA
JUST LAUGHING AND TALKING...
IT KILLED ME.
YES, BUT YOU ENDED UP
HAVING SEX WITH BOTH OF THEM
THAT AFTERNOON.
SORRY.
JUST ANY EXCUSE
TO TELL THAT STORY.
CHANDLER, THERE'S
A PARTY TOMORROW.
YOU'LL FEEL BETTER THEN.
OH, I'M GOING TO BE OKAY.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO THROW A PARTY FOR ME.
IT'S JOEY'S BIRTHDAY.
WELL, IF ANYBODY
SHOULD HAVE A PARTY
IT SHOULD BE HIM.
Phoebe:
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
I CANNOT BELIEVE
SHE'S STILL UP THERE.
( guy tells garbled joke )
( Phoebe laughs gaily )
OKAY, WELL, HE TOTALLY
SCREWED UP THE PUNCH LINE.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE...
( garbled )
HOW'S THAT COFFEE
COMING, DEAR?
YEAH, RIGHT AWAY,
MR. KAPLAN.
I'M NOT SUPPOSED
TO DRINK COFFEE.
IT MAKES ME GASSY.
I KNOW.
I'LL BET
YOU'RE THINKING
WHAT'S AN
INTELLIGENT GIRL
WHO WANTS
TO BE IN FASHION
DOING MAKING
COFFEE, HUH?
HUH?
HA! YOU GOT ME.
DON'T THINK I HAVEN'T NOTICED
YOUR POTENTIAL.
I'VE GOT A PROJECT FOR YOU
THAT'S A LOT MORE RELATED
TO FASHION.
HOW DOES THAT SOUND?
THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
COME ON OVER HERE,
SWEETHEART.
THANK YOU SO MUCH,
MR. KAPLAN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I NEED THESE HANGERS
SEPARATED A.S.A.P.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
OH, GOD, I HATE MY JOB.
I HATE IT.
I KNOW, HONEY. I'M SORRY.
OH, I WANT TO QUIT
BUT THEN I THINK
I SHOULD STICK IT OUT.
THEN I THINK WHY
WOULD SUCH A PERSON
STAY IN SUCH A DEMEANING JOB
JUST BECAUSE IT'S
REMOTELY RELATED
TO THE FIELD
THEY'RE INTERESTED IN.
GEE, I DON'T KNOW, RACH.
ORDER UP.
I GOT A YENTL SOUP,
A JAMES BEANS
AND A HOWDY,
HOLD THE DOODY.
COME ON, I'M SORRY.
I DON'T MIND
PAYING MY DUES, YOU KNOW?
IT'S JUST... HOW MUCH AM
I GOING TO LEARN ABOUT FASHION
BY WALKING MYRA,
THE ARTHRITIC SEAMSTRESS
TO THE BATHROOM?
( chuckling )
HI.
IS MY MISERY
AMUSING TO YOU?
I'M SORRY.
I WAS JUST...
IT'S NOT FUNNY.
THIS IS ACTUALLY MY JOB.
OH, BELIEVE ME,
I'VE BEEN THERE.
I HAD TO SORT
MANNEQUIN HEADS
AT THAT MANNEQUINS PLUS.
OH, WELL, THEN
I'M JUST GOING TO GO BACK
TALKING TO MY FRIEND HERE
AND YOU CAN GO BACK
TO ENJOYING
YOUR LITTLE HAMBURGER.
JUST, UH,
ONE OTHER THING?
YES?
I WORK AT
BLOOMINGDALE'S
AND I MIGHT KNOW
OF A JOB POSSIBILITY
IF YOU'RE... IF
YOU'RE INTERESTED.
DO YOU WANT MY PICKLE?
Gunther:
HI, GUYS.
HEY, GUNTHER.
HI.
YOU'RE GOING ON A DATE
WITH THE NOISY GUY UPSTAIRS?
WELL, HE'S VERY CHARMING.
HE'S TOO CHARMING
BUT IF YOU TWO
START GOING OUT
IT'LL MAKE IT HARDER
FOR ME TO HATE HIM.
WELL, YOU'RE JUST
GOING TO HAVE TO TRY.
ALL RIGHT.
JOEY, WHERE ARE
THE JELL-O SHOTS?
I DON'T KNOW.
CHANDLER'S SUPPOSED
TO BE PASSING THEM...
CHANDLER!
HELLO-DEE-LO!
SOMEBODY'S
FEELING BETTER.
YEAH.
STICK OUT YOUR TONGUE.
TAKE OFF YOUR SHIRT!
OH, MY GOD!
HOW MANY DID YOU HAVE?
THESE ARE PURE VODKA.
YEAH, JELL-O JUST LIKE
MOM USED TO MAKE.
THE MOST
UNBELIEVABLE THING
HAPPENED TO ME TODAY.
HI.
THIS GUY STARTS TALKING
TO ME AT MONICA'S
AND HE WORKS FOR A BUYER
AT BLOOMINGDALE'S.
THERE HAPPENS
TO BE AN OPENING
IN HIS DEPARTMENT
AND HE'S GOING TO
CALL ME THIS WEEKEND
TO SEE IF HE CAN GET
ME AN INTERVIEW.
WOW.
I KNOW.
SO, THIS GUY
IS HELPING YOU
FOR NO APPARENT REASON?
UH-HUH.
AND HE'S A TOTAL STRANGER?
YEAH.
HIS NAME IS, UM,
MARK SOMETHING.
HUH. SOUNDS LIKE
MARK SOMETHING
WANTS TO HAVE SOME SEX.
WHAT?
I'M JUST SAYING, I MEAN
WHY ELSE WOULD HE, YOU KNOW,
SWOOP IN OUT OF NOWHERE
FOR NO REASON?
TO BE NICE.
JOEY, ARE MEN EVER NICE
TO STRANGE WOMEN
FOR NO REASON?
NO. ONLY FOR SEX.
THANK YOU.
SO, DID YOU, UH, TELL MARK
SOMETHING ABOUT ME?
I DIDN'T HAVE TO
BECAUSE I WAS WEARING
MY "I HEART ROSS"
SANDWICH BOARD
AND RINGING MY BELL.
All:
JOEY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
HEY-EY-EY-EY!
OKAY, HOW MANY OF THAT
GIRL ARE YOU SEEING?
HOW HAMMERED ARE YOU, HUH?
THESE ARE JOEY'S SISTERS.
HI, JOEY'S SISTERS!
HEY, WHAT ARE WE
DRINKING OVER HERE?
OH, WELL, I HAVE
A VODKA AND CRANBERRY JUICE.
NO KIDDING?
THAT'S THE EXACT
SAME DRINK I MADE MYSELF
RIGHT AFTER I SHOT
MY HUSBAND.
WOW.
OKAY, I DON'T KNOW
HOW TO TALK TO YOU.
WHAT YOU DOING?
OH, I'M TAKING
MY EX-GIRLFRIEND
OFF MY SPEED DIALER.
OHH!
NO, IT'S A GOOD THING.
WHY MUST WE DIAL
SO SPEEDILY ANYWAY?
WHY MUST WE RUSH
THROUGH LIFE?
WHY CAN'T WE SAVOR
THE PRECIOUS MOMENTS?
THOSE ARE SOME
HUGE BREASTS YOU HAVE.
HI.
YEAH, SO, UM, I HEARD
ABOUT THIS MARK GUY
THAT RACHEL MET TODAY.
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
OH, YEAH.
SO, UH, YEAH,
PRETTY, PRETTY...
SOUNDS LIKE
A NICE, GOOD GUY.
OH, HE IS,
AND HE IS SO DREAMY.
WHEN HE LEFT
I ACTUALLY USED THE PHRASE,
"HUMMINA HUMMINA."
THAT'S EXCELLENT.
SO, HE'S JUST
A NICE GUY.
AND THIS MARK
DOESN'T WANT ANYTHING
IN EXCHANGE FOR HELPING YOU?
WELL, I ASSUME I'LL HAVE
TO TAKE SHOWERS WITH HIM
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THAT'S TRUE OF ANY JOB.
( groans )
UH-OH.
HOW YOU FEELING?
WELL, MY APARTMENT
ISN'T THERE ANYMORE
BECAUSE I DRANK IT.
WHERE'D YOU GET TO?
WE LOST YOU AFTER YOU OPENED UP
ALL THE PRESENTS.
YEAH, I ENDED UP
IN THE STORAGE ROOM
AND NOT ALONE.
All:
WHOO-HOO!
AH, NO "WHOO-HOOING."
NO "WHOO-HOOING."
WHY? WHAT HAPPENED?
UH...
I FOOLED AROUND
WITH JOEY'S SISTER.
( gasps )
WELL, THAT'S NOT THE WORST PART.
WHAT IS THE WORST PART?
I CAN'T REMEMBER WHICH SISTER.
YOU SEE WHAT MEN DO?
DON'T TELL ME
MEN ARE NICE.
THIS IS MEN!
ARE YOU INSANE?
JOEY'S ACTUALLY GOING
TO KILL YOU DEAD.
OKAY. YOU DON'T THINK
I THOUGHT OF THAT?
HOW CAN YOU
NOT KNOW WHICH ONE?
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
I MEAN,
WAS IT GINA?
WHICH ONE IS GINA?
THE DARK... BIG HAIR,
AIRPLANE EARRINGS.
THAT'S NOT GINA.
THAT'S DINA.
YOU SEE?!
YOU CAN'T TELL WHICH
IS WHICH EITHER. THWA!
BUT WE DIDN'T
FOOL AROUND
WITH ANY OF THEM.
THWA! THWA!
VERONICA. LOOK, IT'S
GOT TO BE VERONICA--
THE GIRL IN THE RED SKIRT.
I DEFINITELY STUCK MY
TONGUE DOWN HER THROAT.
THAT WAS ME.
LOOK, WHEN I'VE
BEEN DRINKING
SOMETIMES I TEND TO GET
A LITTLE OVERLY FRIENDLY
AND I'M, I'M SORRY.
THAT'S OKAY.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
CAN I TALK TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
HEY, JOEY.
COME ON.
WHY CAN'T WE TALK IN HERE?
W-WITH WITNESSES?
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH MY SISTER.
UH, WHICH, WHICH ONE?
MARY ANGELA.
WHICH ONE
IS SHE AGAIN?
WHY DON'T YOU
ASK CHANDLER
'CAUSE HE'S
THE ONE
WHO FOOLED AROUND
WITH HER.
YOU SAID
YOU COULD REALLY FALL FOR HER.
NOW, IS THAT TRUE
OR ARE YOU JUST
GETTING OVER JANICE
BY GROPING MY SISTER?
IT'S GOT TO BE THE FIRST ONE.
REALLY?
THAT'S GREAT!
♪ YOU AND MY SISTER,
SITTING IN A TREE... ♪
YUP, I'M IN A TREE.
DID HE CALL?
DID MARK CALL?
NO, HONEY, I'M SORRY
BUT THE WEEKEND'S NOT OVER.
( Phoebe chuckling )
OH, MY GOD,
IS THAT PHOEBE?
GUESS THEY'RE BACK
FROM THEIR DATE.
MUSIC.
VERY NICE.
( muffled voices )
( muffled moaning and groaning )
OH, MY GOD.
( moans and groans get louder )
SO, HOW ARE YOU?
I AM GOOD.
I FINISHED MY BOOK.
WHAT'S IT ABOUT?
I DON'T REMEMBER.
DO YOU WANT TO
TAKE A WALK?
YEAH.
"DEAR MARY ANGELA:
"HI. HOW'S IT GOING?
THIS IS THE HARDEST LETTER
I'VE EVER HAD TO WRITE."
WHAT THE HELL'S
THE MATTER WITH YOU?
HOW DO YOU THINK JOEY'LL REACT
TO BLOWING OFF HIS SISTER
WITH A LETTER?
THAT'S THE PART
WHERE YOU TELL HIM
THAT I MOVED
TO FRANCE.
WHEN ACTUALLY
I'LL BE IN CUBA.
LOOK, LOOK, YOU'VE GOT
TO DO THIS YOURSELF, OKAY?
IN PERSON.
AT LEAST YOU KNOW HER NAME.
YOU JUST GO TO THE HOUSE
AND YOU ASK FOR MARY ANGELA.
WHEN WHICHEVER ONE SHE IS
COMES TO THE DOOR
YOU TAKE HER FOR A WALK,
YOU LET HER DOWN EASY.
OKAY. WHAT IF MARY
ANGELA COMES TO THE DOOR
AND I ASK FOR MARY ANGELA?
WHERE IN CUBA?
JOEY, WH-WH-UH, WH-WH-UH,
W-W-WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WAITING FOR MY GRANDMA
TO FINISH MY LAUNDRY.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
I'M, UH, I'M HERE
TO SEE MARY ANGELA.
YOU ARE SO THE MAN.
COME ON.
NOW, LOOK, LISTEN.
LISTEN.
YOU GOT TO BE COOL
'CAUSE MY GRANDMA DOESN'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU TWO YET
AND YOU DO NOT WANT
TO TICK HER OFF.
SHE WAS, LIKE,
THE SIXTH PERSON
TO SPIT ON MUSSOLINI'S
HANGING BODY.
WHERE'S MARY ANGELA?
SHE'S RIGHT IN THERE.
CHANDLER!
HEY, CHANDLER!
HEY!
MARK DIDN'T CALL.
IT'S SUNDAY NIGHT
AND HE DIDN'T CALL.
BUMMER.
YEAH, RIGHT.
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE PRACTICALLY GIDDY.
NO, I'M GENUINELY SORRY
THE MARK THING DIDN'T WORK OUT.
LOOK, RACH,
I WANT ONLY GOOD THINGS FOR YOU.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST CALL MARK?
WHO SAYS YOU HAVE TO SIT HERE
AND WAIT FOR HIM?
YOU'VE GOT TO MAKE STUFF HAPPEN.
BUT YOU DON'T WANT
TO SEEM TOO PUSHY.
HE GAVE HER HIS HOME NUMBER.
WHA... HE GAVE YOU
HIS HOME NUMBER
AS IN, LIKE,
TO, TO HIS HOME?
AND YOU WON'T MIND IF I CALL
BECAUSE YOU ONLY WANT
GOOD THINGS FOR ME.
THAT'S RIGHT--
GOOD THINGS.
THAT-THAT
IS WHAT I SAID.
HELLO, MARK?
HI, IT'S RACHEL GREEN.
OH, NO,
DON'T YOU APOLOGIZE.
YEAH, I'LL HOLD.
HE LEFT MY NUMBER AT WORK.
HE WAS GOING TO GET IT
BUT HE WAS HELPING HIS NIECE
WITH HER REPORT
ON THE PIONEERS.
THAT IS SO MADE UP.
YEAH. OH, MY GOD,
TOMORROW?
NO, IT'S PERFECT.
OH, GOD,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
GREAT. BYE.
OH! I GOT THE INTERVIEW.
OH, YAY!
THERE YOU GO.
HE EVEN OFFERED
TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH
AND PREP ME FOR IT.
OH, THAT IS AMAZING!
YEAH. WELL, IF I KNOW MARK--
AND I THINK I DO--
I'D EXPECT NOTHING LESS.
I GOT
TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT I'M GOING TO WEAR.
HIGH COLLAR AND BAGGY PANTS
SAY "I'M A PRO."
YEAH, RIGHT.
OKAY, I'LL SEE
YOU GUYS LATER.
WHOO-HOO!
YOU GO GET 'EM.
WHAT DID I DO
TO YOU?
DID I HURT YOU IN SOME WAY?
WHAT?
"WHY DON'T YOU CALL HIM?"
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YOU KNOW,
NOW HE'S GOING TO PREP HER.
YOU KNOW, PREP HER
AS IN WHAT YOU DO
BEFORE YOU SURGICALLY REMOVE
THE BOYFRIEND!
ARE YOU CRAZY?
AM I? AM I?
AM I OUT OF MY MIND?
AM I LO-O-OSING MY SENSES?
THIS DREAMY GUY IS TAKING
MY GIRLFRIEND OUT FOR A MEAL.
ROSS, YOU KNOW, THIS
ISN'T EVEN ABOUT YOU.
THIS IS ABOUT
SOMETHING WONDERFUL
HAPPENING FOR RACHEL.
EVEN IF YOU'RE RIGHT--
WHAT IF HE WANTS
TO SLEEP WITH HER?
DOES THAT MEAN
HE GETS TO?
DON'T YOU TRUST HER?
WELL... YEAH, I...
THEN GET OVER YOURSELF.
GROW UP.
YOU GROW UP.
THIS TIRAMISU
IS, IS, IS EXCELLENT.
DID YOU MAKE IT, MARY ANGELA?
NO, I DID.
WELL, I-I-IT'S YUMMY.
SO, UH
MARY ANGELA...
DO YOU LIKE IT?
OF COURSE.
IT'S HER FAVORITE.
SO, UM... MARY ANGELA,
WHAT'S YOUR SECOND FAVORITE?
MORE OF GRANDMA'S TIRAMISU.
OH, WOULD YOU
JUST PLEASE...?!
GIVE ME THE RECIPE
'CAUSE THIS IS GREAT.
IT'S TOPNOTCH.
THAT DIES WITH ME.
SO WILL I.
EXCUSE YOURSELF AND
GO TO THE BATHROOM.
OH, NO, NO, NO,
I WAS JUST SQUINTING.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING.
JUST DO IT.
WILL YOU EXCUSE ME?
I HAVE TO, UM...
HEY...
FINALLY! I THOUGHT
WE'D NEVER BE ALONE.
CAN I JUST TELL
YOU SOMETHING?
I HAVE NOT STOPPED
THINKING ABOUT YOU
SINCE THE PARTY.
LOOK, I MAY HAVE
JUMPED THE GUN HERE.
UH...
( clearing throat )
I JUST GOT OUT OF A RELATIONSHIP
AND I'M NOT REALLY IN A...
IN A COMMITMENT KIND OF PLACE.
SO? ME NEITHER.
GOD, MARY ANGELA
WAS RIGHT.
YOU DO HAVE
THE SOFTEST LIPS.
YOU'RE NOT MARY ANGELA?
NO! I'M MARY THERESE.
THIS IS SO BAD.
IF, IF YOU'RE
NOT MARY ANGELA
THEN, UH, THEN WHO IS?
I AM.
OH, IT'S SO BAD.
JOEY!!!
NO JOEY! NO
JOEY! NO JOEY!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU'RE IT.
NOW, RUN AND HIDE.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
CHANDLER
WAS JUST KISSING ME
'CAUSE HE THOUGHT
I WAS MARY ANGELA.
WHAT?!
HOW COULD YOU THINK
SHE WAS MARY ANGELA?
I WASN'T SURE
WHICH ONE MARY ANGELA WAS.
( gasping )
LOOK, I'M SORRY, OKAY?
I WAS REALLY DRUNK
AND YOU GUYS
ALL LOOK REALLY SIMILAR.
PUNCH HIM, JOEY.
Sisters:
YEAH!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE SHOULD
ALL CALM DOWN
BECAUSE YOUR BROTHER'S
NOT GOING TO PUNCH ME.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, THAT'S USUALLY
WHAT I WOULD DO, BUT...
I JUST NEVER
THOUGHT YOU'D BE
ON THE RECEIVING
END OF IT.
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS?!
JOEY, IF YOU WANT
TO PUNCH ME, GO AHEAD.
I DESERVE IT
BUT I JUST
WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT I WOULD NEVER
SOBERLY HURT YOU OR YOUR FAMILY.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND.
I WOULD NEVER DO ANYTHING
LIKE THIS EVER AGAIN.
SO WHAT?
I SAY PUNCH HIM.
YEAH!
PUNCH HIM!
NO, I'M NOT GOING
TO PUNCH CHANDLER.
I'LL DO IT.
NO, YOU WON'T.
LOOK, HE KNOWS HE
DID A TERRIBLE THING
AND I BELIEVE HIM.
HE'S SORRY.
BUT YOU GOT ONE MORE
APOLOGY TO MAKE.
YOU GOT TO APOLOGIZE
TO MARY ANGELA.
OKAY. ABSOLUTELY.
YOU GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT.
COOKIE, NOW YOU
CAN PUNCH HIM.
WHAT?
HEY! WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
YOU KNOW, THIS BUILDING'S
ON MY PAPER ROUTE, SO, UH...
OH...!
HI.
HOW DID IT GO?
WELL, THE WOMAN
I INTERVIEWED WITH
WAS TOUGH
BUT THANK GOD
MARK COACHED ME
BECAUSE ONCE I STARTED TALKING
ABOUT THE FALL LINE
SHE GOT ALL HAPPY
AND WOULDN'T SHUT UP.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
ME, TOO!
LISTEN, I'M, UH...
I'M SORRY I'VE BEEN SO
CRAZY AND JEALOUS AND...
IT'S JUST I LIKE
YOU A LOT, SO...
I KNOW.
YEAH?
YEAH.
RACHEL. HI.
I JUST TALKED
TO JOANNA
AND SHE LOVES YOU.
YOU'VE GOT IT.
YOU GOT THE JOB.
OH...! I DID?!
YES.
OH, MY GOD!
CONGRATU...
( squealing )
WOW.
...LATIONS.
PHOEBE, HOW
WAS YOUR DATE?
OH, WELL, YOU KNOW.
( giggles )
YEAH, I DO KNOW.
UGH. YOU WERE EAVESDROPPING?
EAVESDROPPING? PHEEBS,
THE CEILING TILES
WERE FALLING DOWN.
OH, I'M SORRY...
BUT I REALLY LIKE THIS GUY
AND I THINK
HE REALLY HAPPENS TO LIKE ME.
( springs squeaking, rhythmic
thumping, man groaning )
MAYBE HE'S
JUST JUMPING
ON A POGO STICK
AND REALLY LIKES IT.
( woman screaming and moaning )
( man groaning )
MAYBE THE POGO
STICK LIKES IT, TOO.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
HE CANNOT DO THIS TO PHOEBE.
THIS GUY'S GOING TO GET
THE BUTT-KICKING OF A LIFETIME.
BUT... IS HE A BIG GUY?
UH, WE'LL ALL GO UP.
COME ON.
THANKS, YOU GUYS.
THANK YOU.
GOD... I HOPE
THEY KICK HIS ASS.
HONEY, I'M SORRY.
IF IT'S ANY
CONSOLATION
HE DID SOUND LIKE
HE WAS HAVING MORE FUN WITH YOU.
( loud thumping )
( door squeaking )
( neighbor talking sheepishly )
( friends all talking angrily )
( neighbor explaining
rationally )
( friends agreeing
sympathetically )
[Captioned by The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]